Amber Oliver: Hey there, Luke. I thought it would be easier for me to do a screen share and explain to you how our booking overlay works.
Amber Oliver: So on your website now, what this booking overlay would look like is we would, have you attach the booking, code, the widget code, into… I'm assuming you would want to do it on this button here. When a client clicks on Book Online, a pop-up, aka our booking overlay, will populate right here, and they'll be able to book through that overlay.
Amber Oliver: Grace shared with me that y'all really like Andy LeComp's, website, so let me show you what that looks like on here. Very similar setup to what you have right now, so the book online, and here, boom, the booking overlay populates. I was,
Amber Oliver: playing around with it earlier, so that's why I was actually on a different menu, but it would actually come up for you to the same menu. Here, I showed Grace how to do this today, but you'll be able to edit the logo as well as the background that populates here. And so from there, your customers will be able to go to their appointments, and continue through with booking online using the booking overlay.
Amber Oliver: So, of course, you can put that widget here, oh, that's not you. You can put your…
Amber Oliver: your, code here for the booking overlay, we could also set it up at another part of the location. So again, they would click it, and then it would generate your booking overlay, here.
Amber Oliver: I do have another salon, too. This is our Boulevard test salon, just to kind of showcase these things. So here, their setup looks a little different, but if you click book now, it brings up… this one has multiple locations, so then you would click location, and then you would… it's gonna take a moment as a tester, and then it would bring up all of the categories. I hope that that is helpful, for you.
Amber Oliver: Just a quick side note, I did share this with
Amber Oliver: Grace today. We do want to hold on… there is a bit of timing on when you want to do and add the booking overlay to your website. We are not ready yet. Grace and I still need to get all of the settings set up, the configuration, and all the services the way they need, and we don't want to make sure… we want to make sure, too, that we're not having any sort of double bookings going on. So keep your ZenoT up, and then Grace
Amber Oliver: and I will let, bring you in whenever it is time to add that booking overlay. That will get closer to the launch day. And we're looking for launch day to be,
Amber Oliver: Around the first week of October, so you and I, so we'll connect with you in a couple weeks to let you know whenever we need to add in the booking overlay. I hope that was helpful. Thanks.